the birth of a new idea the inspiration
that challenges you to think beyond your
boundaries and ask what if good
industrial design is both aesthetic and
functional it is dependent upon
materials that allow design freedom and
solve problems
it's your commitment to continual
product improvement meeting those
standards means you need innovative
engineering that thrives on the
challenge to find the right solutions
for superior functionality and
durability in product development to do
this you need a partner with vast
plastics knowledge and experience one
that can efficiently manufacture your
product leading to increased savings in
overall profits and the reliability that
gives you peace of mind knowing that
your product will perform as promised
and exceed your expectations for quality
those values are reflected in our
actions to develop environmentally
conscious products that are people and
process friendly we are the Bemis
advanced technology group
consisting of the Bemis contract group
Bemis healthcare and Kelch the advanced
technology groups combine knowledge
integrates proven expertise and multiple
technologies and processes of plastics
manufacturing this comprehensive
approach to better solutions benefits
you your customer and the environment
and is what sets Bemis above its
competition as a pioneer in the industry
Bemis has developed plastic extrusion
and injection molding technology that is
second to none processes that allow us
to injection molds sequentially and over
mold soft and hard plastics to create
parts that stand out in your industry
parts that can require special plastic
material development and engineering to
allow them to be simultaneously
manufactured in the Bemis way at Bemis
we are more than just a supplier of
parts we are your dedicated partner
utilizing our expertise in plastics
product design and tooling through
product development project management
and manufacturing and assembly to solve
real problems with real solutions our
commitment to our clients is driven by
their need to adapt and our innovation
to meet their industry specific
challenges whether you need simple or
complex parts or a complete redesign of
your product our project management team
will find the right solution based upon
product testing and analysis our design
and engineering team works hard to
deliver lighter weight products with
savings from reduced material and
shipping costs you receive all these
benefits while retaining the performance
of your product plastic manufacturing is
also more precise than with other
materials our expertise in extrusion
molding creates remarkable precision a
better fit resulting in a better
we strive to understand our customers
products as both isolated parts and how
they could work better in production
assembly and ultimately in the use of
the product we then develop a solution
to improve the product by utilizing
plastics potential strengths and
advantages by using innovative plastic
injection and extrusion processes many
pioneered by Bemis your product will
have flexibility and material color and
design injection molding enables part
reduction with parts that are stronger
and more flexible unlike most plastic
manufacturers we can also combine
dissimilar materials together all while
providing you with practical benefits
and design flexibility multi-material
molding and extrusion methods reduce the
amount of new material needed divert
waste stream materials to new usable
products and can reduce the energy to
produce high-quality finished products
our 3 sustainability goals at Bemis we
buy recycled plastics diverted from
landfills enabling us to buy less virgin
material and provide leads certifiable
products without sacrificing performance
we have literally used millions of
pounds of recycled materials from
internal purging scrap parts recyclers
and the use of byproducts from raw
material manufacturers keeping all of
this material from entering landfills
our commitment to the environment does
not stop there we continually
investigate all material possibilities
including petroleum-based and non
petroleum-based to offer the best
materials for the application you'll
benefit from strategic relationships
with major global resin suppliers our
experience in helping develop custom raw
materials and our expertise in using a
variety of polymers successfully we're
also making products safer through
significantly reducing VOCs by replacing
fiberglass and paint with molded in
colors with more than 500 in-house and
custom colors that can be matched to
vitreous china painted metal fiberglass
as well as other plastics our color
consistent presence assured no
variations in your products color
Venus's advanced technology raises both
aesthetics and product image with our
ability to make attractively textured
and embossed finishes plastic is also
tougher and more abrasion and dent
resistant than many other materials
available enabling a new range of
product design freedom at venus we
partner and collaborate with our
customers and suppliers to create
designs that meet form fit and function
with cost savings that excel your
products in a competitive environment
bemis advanced technology group is your
complete manufacturing solution to final
assembly at a lower overall cost
discover the advantage of the Bemis
advanced technology group
you